everyone tim schofield here from Cuba
King 77.com and I am back from Mexico if
a little bit more tan that I did in my
last video and I had a really awesome
time honestly I went to one of those
all-inclusive resorts so when you went
to the bar ask for a drink it was
included food included restaurants
everything it was fantastic had a nice
little swim up on one of the pools
honestly a really great time happy to be
back I missed you guys I've got a lot to
catch up on with emails social media
responses etc but now that I'm back I
want to get some more videos going so
let's get going with a giveaway right
away as you guys know I gave away a
galaxy s6 about a week and a half ago
now i'm giving away another great
flagship device the LG g4 i have a
review on this if you haven't seen it
i'll link to in the description you go
check it out anyways the winner is going
to receive the an international unlocked
LG g4 the plastic back on it it's an
international giveaway so anybody in the
world can win this one now it's answer
all you have to do is head over to my
website I'll link to it in the
description of video click that link and
enter you just type your name in your
email address click a button and you are
entered you can enter every day the
contest is going to end this Wednesday
night so I'm in announce the winner this
Thursday so you got about four or five
days to enter anyways go enter giveaways
live go click that link do it every day
and honestly I have another giveaway
between you and me I have another
giveaway going after this one as well so
stay tuned for that subscribe if you
happen to be great I honestly I just
want to get back to you guys you guys
offer such great support the community
we have going is so awesome just some
great conversations going on so thank
you everybody just my small way of
giving back I want to try and give them
do more and more to give back to you
guys so let's get it going now with this
giveaway go enter like I said hope you
guys have a great memorial day weekend i
know i'm hanging out some family right
now having a good time so hope you guys
are as well have a great weekend and
I'll talk again soon